Good day to all pilots with you again gif
and today we will talk about merchants
the luxury of this video appeared after
request of one of the pilots to tell about
this topic, he is extremely concerned that
caravans you 9 take out hundreds of thousands of tons
performances in hands out not at all
sees native faces in these caravans so
let's start in order luxury traders
appears in the systems of experiencing
economic boom and nairit wiki
it is written that it is necessary that
economic boom experienced not main
fraction in the minor system but i'm really
I am not sure about it now
Is the system in this state possible
look at the galactic map in
system description
if you have system data on
currently luxury merchants and
only buy performance xing chan tires
and in order not to scare you further
pronunciation I will call the translation
This product namely amplifiers
performance
there is an opinion that they do not buy the most
sold goods of the month
but January ended this product is not
changed so I think that this
moment this system is running in
and they just buy only these
amplifiers are nothing else but in the following
variations will add a variety of goods
performance amplifiers produced
only in hightech systems so far
we only look for such systems with
economic boom system itself
is located signal is sitting lokshin
they are not visible all at once is necessary
fly closer to the station or in the planet
and there you will see them in them and wait
you merchants luxury if the station
produces performance enhancers
then buy them full hold and at all
sails rush to this point of the blue club
through there you meet several you 9
enough to fly about one of them
and then your three magically
will become empty
and your account will be credited for a round sum
buys at the moment they are these very
performance enhancers for the price of
7450 credits per ton in general so that
find out what merchants buy
for the future or for example if you
meet just a merchant you are not identified
in the signal you can scan it 3
dial-up scanner and the goods that you
you will see him in the hold
buys and now it's time to talk about
profitability this business becomes
profitable only if they match
several factors so how back
merchants to the station you fly empty
firstly it is necessary that the station
produced these same amplifiers
performance is far from
on all hightech stations and their price
it would be at least around six
half thousand loans and even better in
around 6206 thousand 100 credits this
close to the ideal in the second point with
merchants must be in several
millions of meters from the station well or
pinch multiple light
seconds then he saw what you see i
flying at a distance of six thousand
kilometers from the station and full circle on
perry clip
from loading a product to loading a new one
it takes me about 4 minutes
maybe four and a half profit per
profit from 240 tons of cargo 330 thousand
loans if these conditions are not met
then profitability goes down sharply i
tried to fly in another system
at a distance of 200 light seconds so
case the circle becomes about ten
minutes if you buy again for more
high prices
well I don't know there are six 606 700
it also loses its meaning on its
trade route and i have this money i have
in view of 330000, even 350, I get about
5 minutes flight economic boom in
the system last up to several days after
this usually happens there
escalation of conflicts and threats
civil war which by the way usually
then there is in addition a profit
or luxury does not go to the trade rating
will go node individual will come from
smuggling soon brooks
promised that this system will undergo
changes at least shrink
luxury merchant appearance number
let's summarize can not say
what is it terribly fascinating
rather, it looks like running very
small circle yes and profitability like me
told above it is comparable to
profitability from a good trading
the route to earn is necessary to
Coincidentally a few small conditions
distance from the station required product
at the station at a low price
now still a type of system of receipts of combat
product is still extremely small
produced only on hightech systems
actually have either i changed all this
a thing with luxury merchants I would raise
profits are higher but added risk
police raids with any uber
a thing that stuns everything in psd in
radius of five minutes from such a bloody
bani rashida smuggling there with a finger and
can not do or would load a brother
crammed full contraband hold
the goods that you must bring
to the station and only there would you give
profit for the kill transaction then such
trade
these same luxuries would be
incomparably more fun
well enough to dream see how she
It will be in the future and on this until all with
you were a pilot gif and you successful flight